libuv is licensed for use as follows:

====
Copyright (c) 2015-present libuv project contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.
====

This license applies to parts of libuv originating from the
https://github.com/joyent/libuv repository:

====

Copyright Joyent, Inc. and other Node contributors. All rights reserved.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

====

This license applies to all parts of libuv that are not externally
maintained libraries.

The externally maintained libraries used by libuv are:

  - tree.h (from FreeBSD), copyright Niels Provos. Two clause BSD license.

    /*- 
     * Copyright 2002 Niels Provos <provos@citi.umich.edu> 
     * All rights reserved. 
     * 
     * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
     * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
     * are met: 
     * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
     *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
     * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
     *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
     *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
     * 
     * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR 
     * IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
     * OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
     * IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
     * INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT 
     * NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
     * DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
     * THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
     * (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF 
     * THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
     */ 


  - inet_pton and inet_ntop implementations, contained in src/inet.c, are
    copyright the Internet Systems Consortium, Inc., and licensed under the ISC
    license.

    /*
     * Copyright (c) 1996 The Internet Software Consortium.  All rights reserved.
     *
     * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
     * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
     * are met:
     *
     * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
     * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
     * 3. Neither the name of The Internet Software Consortium nor the names
     *    of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
     *    from this software without specific prior written permission.
     *
     * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM AND
     * CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
     * INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
     * MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
     * DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE INTERNET SOFTWARE CONSORTIUM OR
     * CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
     * SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
     * LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
     * USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
     * ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
     * OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
     * OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
     * SUCH DAMAGE.
     *
     * This software has been written for the Internet Software Consortium
     * by Ted Lemon <mellon@fugue.com> in cooperation with Vixie
     * Enterprises.  To learn more about the Internet Software Consortium,
     * see ``http://www.vix.com/isc''.  To learn more about Vixie
     * Enterprises, see ``http://www.vix.com''.
     */


  - stdint-msvc2008.h (from msinttypes), copyright Alexander Chemeris. Three
    clause BSD license.

    // ISO C9x  compliant stdint.h for Microsoft Visual Studio 
    // Based on ISO/IEC 9899:TC2 Committee draft (May 6, 2005) WG14/N1124 
    // 
    //  Copyright (c) 2006-2008 Alexander Chemeris 
    // 
    // Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
    // modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 
    // 
    //   1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
    //      this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
    // 
    //   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
    //      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
    //      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 
    // 
    //   3. The name of the author may be used to endorse or promote products 
    //      derived from this software without specific prior written permission. 
    // 
    // THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
    // WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
    // MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO 
    // EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
    // SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
    // PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; 
    // OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
    // WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR 
    // OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF 
    // ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 


  - pthread-fixes.c, copyright Google Inc. and Sony Mobile Communications AB.
    Three clause BSD license.

    /* Copyright (c) 2013, Sony Mobile Communications AB 
     * Copyright (c) 2012, Google Inc. 
     * All rights reserved. 
     *
     *  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
     *  modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
     *  met: 
     *
     *  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
     *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
     *  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above 
     *    copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer 
     *    in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the 
     *    distribution. 
     *  * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its 
     *    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from 
     *    this software without specific prior written permission. 
     *
     *  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS 
     *  "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
     *  LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR 
     *  A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT 
     *  OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
     *  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
     *  LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
     *  DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
     *  THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
     *  (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
     *  OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
    */ 


  - android-ifaddrs.h, android-ifaddrs.c, copyright Berkeley Software Design
    Inc, Kenneth MacKay and Emergya (Cloud4all, FP7/2007-2013, grant agreement
    n° 289016). Three clause BSD license.

    /* 
     * Copyright (c) 1995, 1999 
     *      Berkeley Software Design, Inc.  All rights reserved. 
     * 
     * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
     * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions 
     * are met: 
     * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
     *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
     * 
     * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY Berkeley Software Design, Inc. ``AS IS'' AND 
     * ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
     * IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
     * ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL Berkeley Software Design, Inc. BE LIABLE 
     * FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
     * DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS 
     * OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) 
     * HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT 
     * LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY 
     * OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
     * SUCH DAMAGE. 
     * 
     *      BSDI ifaddrs.h,v 2.5 2000/02/23 14:51:59 dab Exp 
     */ 
